[Music]
hi welcome to the kitchen on today's
episode I'm going to show you how to
make some super easy and super cute
bread rolls these are really perfect for
kids because it's a very easy way to get
them into baking all you need to make
this is a packet of bread mix I'm using
some melted butter and some warm water
all bread makes these very so just make
it up as it says on the packet I'm gonna
put my packet of bread mix into my
mixing bowl and to that I'm gonna add my
water and butter if you don't have a
machine in just use a large bowl and get
it together good old-fashioned elbow
grease I'm gonna start up on slow to
start with until all the powders mixed
in and then I can pack up the speed
that's already it's super springy and
bouncy I'm just gonna get it out and
show you its I've got it in my mixer and
the dough is pretty much waiting I'm
just going to show you a couple of
techniques that you can do if you're
doing it by hand so you can do a stretch
and tear method which means that you
just basically put it on the surface and
then with the heel of your palm pull it
away and then bring it back and that
kind of makes it nice and elastic and
springy and that works all of the gluten
and gets it nice and bouncy and you
notice I'm not using any flour and it's
sticky but try and resist using any
extra flour because it will make your
bread a little bit dry so that's the
stretch and tear method now I'm going to
show you another one which is called
slap and fold so this is quite fun get
the kids involved with this so you just
pick up your dough and snatch it on the
surface
[Music]
so now you can see it's nice and elastic
and springy so that's ready to create
our tortoise rolls this amount of dough
will make 10 tortoise rolls of course
you can make any animal shapes you like
just be creative
so to make my 10 tortoises first of all
I'm just going to chop it in half I'll
just place that one to the side a minute
so I'm just gonna cut this into five
roughly equal pieces I'll just kind of
that's the middle there so I'll just go
either side of the middle and then cut
these pieces in two so I'm just gonna
start creating these and line them all
up on the tray that's my extra bit for
my legs and head and this is the body so
I just need to shake this into a ball
and the way to do this you can either
just use your palm especially if the
kids are younger but the proper way to
shape bread is to try and just draw in
the sides that will make it nice and
tight so you cuz it's joined there turn
it over and then just use your palm and
roll it against the surface
so that's my first body and for the next
bit I'm gonna chop my quarter into
pieces so this is gonna be for my head
and then this extra piece I'm gonna cut
in half and half again these cute little
legs I'm just gonna roll each one of
these into a small ball and then I'm
gonna make his head with the bigger bit
of the excess dough just pinch it in
together like that same way I did the
body and then just even a little bit of
a roll on the surface you can even use
your hands like this how you want to do
it's just shaping the dough in some
basic pieces so now I'm gonna start
putting him together on the tray so I'm
just gonna pop his body over here and
then just tuck in one two three
five and it already looks really cute
now I just need to make the other four
so I'm going to fit five on each tray
because they will puff up there you go
there's five people tortoises on there
now I'm just going to move them to one
side cover them loosely and just wait
until they've really puffed up almost
double in size and then it'll be time to
put the details on my tortoises have
grown left double in size and they're
looking super puffy and fluffy so now
it's time to add the details some little
eyes and we're going to do a crisscross
on the top so it creates the shell
create the eyes in mine I'm gonna use
tiny pieces of olives so now I'm just
gonna add the little eyes to the front
of my tortoises just in the front of
their case just hit them up and plunge
them in now I'm going to do their shell
details I just do that I need a sharp
knife so if you're doing this with
little kids they might need a bit of
help at this stage so I'm just gonna do
a crisscross across the top of each one
so now these guys are ready for the oven
that I'm gonna put them in a hundred
ninety degrees fam and they're gonna
bake for about 12 to 15 minutes until
they're risen puffy and golden and ready
to fill up with lovely fillings here
they are
I'm so happy with an they look really
cute look at these I've got to have a
taste of one so I'm gonna chop one up
sadly and fill them up with some nice
fillings you can't be freshly baked
bread so get the kids involved and have
a go at making some of these I'd love to
see your pictures we made them new
hashtag stay safe get cooking
bye
[Music]